# Control Traffic Modelling for T-SDN using Transport PCE and OpenROADM
This application has the resulting implementation for mesauring the size of NETCONF traffic for lightpath establishment using Transport PCE and OpenROADM based Network Topology Simulator (NTS) devices. It has mainly three segments that can be also run individually.

1. **RMSA_orig.py** - This script can be run individually to perform the Resource, Modulation and Spectrum allocation for a topology. The script, however requires node and edge information to create the topology. Based on first fit, it will try to assign the slots to each lightpath, keeping in mind the continuity and contiguity of the spectrum across the path. For routing, it calculates two node and edge disjoint paths. If in case the lightpath could not be established in the shortest disjoint path due to continuity or contiguity constraints, it will opt for the second path. In case of non-availability of slots in the second path, the request gets blocked. The execution of the script will give information on the accepted connections mainly, the path and modulation technique used, the number of transponders, calculated traffic demand as well as blocked connections if any.
2. **RegexNetconfXMLExtraction.py** - This script can extract the XML content of NETCONF messages from an ODL logfile and store them in a format as /DeviceName/rpc-message-m-id for the RPC requests and /DeviceName/rpc-reply-m-id for correspondign replies. For example with testbed setup with TransportPCE, for each message between the ODL client and ROADM-A1, there will two files created only with the XML body of the request and corresponding reply as /ROADM-A1/rpc-message-m-0 and /ROADM-A1/rpc-reply-m-0. 
3. **AllinOneRun.py** - This is the all-in-one integration script which will call all other segments of the program such as the RMSA, file size calculation of the extracted NETCONF messages and will return the graphs.
